//difference between look up and masterdetail

look up is used for objects where the objects are related only for some cases.
sometimes. they can be independent

where as master detail relationship is made for objects which is logically dependent on another object.
a detail object should always be related to the master object.


//CL loan product( package)

1)First create a lending product
select accordingly to the requirement

2)Go to CL contract(which is the loan)
	select the record type(loan or lease or credit )
	loan means natural loan,lease means you dont have the full authorization on the product after a period either you have to give back the product or take it after a amount of payment
	
	select account
	Account means a organization/company or any person
	where as contact means a person only(we generally choose account)
	
	from the look up tableselect account name,product,purpose
	enter the loan amount

	interest calculation method which can be(flat/declining/flexible)
	flat means the interest wil;l remain fixed on the initial principle amount
	declining means the interest will be calculated on the basis of declining principle amount where as the due principle amount remain same
	
	provide the other details and the maturity date.

	Delinquent account is an account which failed to pay the emi on the date
	Delinquency grace is the no of days for which the system will wait before categorizing the account as delinquent account.

	Click save once you save

3)in delinquency fund Approve the loan( Cl Contract) it will show active 

4)go to transaction tab
	select on fund( disburse payment ) select payment type(cash /check)
	save.
	the status will be active and good




//to see the status of bill for timely payment and delayed payment to see the functionality

1) Move the date
	SOD/EOD (move the system date
	Go to sevice configuration
	select SOD/EOD
	change the system date( to the disbursed date of the amount)
	click move to date save then refresh

2) create the new contract accourding to the moved disbursed date (past) suppose give it 2019

3) Approve the contract select transaction and disburse the amount


//to check the biling now 
1)go to the EOD/SOD process move the date to the first payment date-(pay bill generation date) example if the bil generation is 7 days prior to the first payment date the first payment date-7

2)go to the contract refresh it.

3) move to transaction 

4) click on bills we wil be able to see the bill yet it is not satisfied untill we make the payment.



//to make the first payment [Status ACTIVE GOOD STANDING ]

1) change the system date again in EOD/SOD to the payment date

2) go to the contract

3) go to transaction select payment

4) create new payment ( everything is auto updated that is how much we have to pay etc)

5) save it. go to transaction select bills now we wil se the payment is satisfied


//how to delay the next payment so see the status of account to [ACTIVE BAD STANDING]

1) move the date after delinquency date in the system

2)then refresh we wil se the conteract as active bad standing



